README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Neigborhood!

Hello and welcome to another neighborhood repo!

This repo will focus on providing guidance to earning money online by completing offers on 'Get-Paid-To' websites.

The goal is to provide an easy to digest dashboard that tracks your offers, money earned, money pending, and other various aspects of earning money across various GPT sites. 

### Sign up using the referral links below and start completing the offers found in the [Guide](Guides/README.md)

[Swagbucks Referral Link](https://www.swagbucks.com/profile/brandonsavone) - Referral code: `brandonsavone`

[FreeCash Referral Link](https://freecash.com/r/therealinkyb) - Referral code: `therealinkyb`

[JustEarn Referral Link](https://justearn.gg/3FD649) - Referral code: `3FD649`

[GG2U Referral Link](https://premium.gg2u.org?referrer=dmcinkyb) - Referral code: `dmcinkyb`

[Casheo Referral Link](https://casheo.co/C3546F) - Referral code: `C3546F`

[Chequity Referral Link](https://chequity.io/ref/1279501A) - Referral code: `1279501A`

Commit message:

Add pattern for CryptoMagnet (#65)
* Additions to README's and more README's

* Update README

* Update README.md

* Added cryptoMagnet and EatRepeat files

* Update README.md

* Additional guide changes

* Update README.md

* Updating zip folder

* Added Untitled Diagram.drawio

* Update README.md

Working copy.

* Update README.md

Updated Scenario Flowchart

* Update README.md

Final flow chart

* Update README.md

* Delete AutoClick Patterns/Games/The Eat Repeat directory

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Add files via upload

* Delete cryptoMag2.zip

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Neigborhood!

Hello and welcome to another neighborhood repo!

This repo will focus on providing guidance to earning money online by completing offers on 'Get-Paid-To' websites.

The goal is to provide an easy to digest dashboard that tracks your offers, money earned, money pending, and other various aspects of earning money across various GPT sites. 

### Sign up using the referral links below and start completing the offers found in the [Guide](Guides/README.md)

[FreeCash Referral Link](https://freecash.com/r/therealinkyb) - Referral code: `therealinkyb`

[Swagbucks Referral Link](https://www.swagbucks.com/profile/brandonsavone) - Referral code: `brandonsavone`

# Recommended Tools

## Android Users:
I recommend using the [Smart Auto-Clicker by Nain](https://github.com/Nain57/Smart-AutoClicker).

You can find various base patterns and more information in the [AutoClick Patterns Folder](https://github.com/Neighborhood-Data-Science/instant-beer-money/blob/f/add_click_patterns/AutoClick%20Patterns/README.md).
